Transcript
February 23, 2026, 9:09PM
 Bryan Hanneman started transcription
 Scott Wolf   0:03 Current stats. That's.
 Scott Sinclair   0:10 Oh, just a heads up as of this morning we're I I check in on that arc on the electrical study for the ITCS and we're we're still tracking towards award so. It's coming as coming as fast as we thought it would, which is just they keep kicking it down the road, but they keep kicking it down the road so it hasn't died. So that's good.
 Bryan Hanneman   0:23 When do you when do you think that? I feel like we've been talking about that one for a while as far as at Hines and then it died and then it came back. So I'm hoping that they actually pull the trigger on this pretty darn fast.
 Scott Sinclair   0:47 Let's just hope they pull the trigger. I don't know if fast is really. You can put it on the wish list, Brian, but I don't know. Nothing happens fast with the VA.
 Bryan Hanneman   0:55 What? Yeah, well, I'm just thinking it would be nice from that the asset tagging side of things. I know that those things are are with booze are no longer guaranteed. So I'm trying to make sure that we could get those things pulled into the hopper.
 Scott Sinclair   1:19 Well, as of right now, we're tracking towards. A relative near future award on 600K, so that'll take a bite out of the 2 million outside piece.
 Scott Wolf   1:34 And is that all? Is that all Ross, Scotty?
 Bryan Hanneman   1:34 Yep.
 Scott Sinclair   1:39 I would, yeah, you guys will do, yeah, 100%.
 Scott Wolf   1:44 That's a huge number. I mean, that's a big number. That's that's a great number. We can pull that in. Big help. Relative to our sales by account managers, we will track this in this meeting, kind of see where things are trended. Like I said, this number right now is a little low as I did an update with Glenn's current numbers and again apologize for that. I actually think you're going to see a change in this meeting, but out of this, what we see is, is that this shows the number and the percent of work that's not scheduled of what we won this year. O what you can see is is. Assuming these haven't changed drastically, we are not yet converting wins to forecasted to scheduled work and we know that that's something that we have to improve on. That's that's pretty big item right there.
 Bryan Hanneman   2:49 So what is the definition of scheduled? I want to make sure because within you.
 Scott Wolf   2:55 You need to define that, Bryan. We're not going to define that. No, we're we're not going to define that. You set up how to run projects. You're not. We're not defining what scheduled means. Just just not.
 Bryan Hanneman   2:59 OK. OK.
 Scott Wolf   3:09 I I don't understand that question.
 Bryan Hanneman   3:13 Because within Uninets and Glenn, you're you're speaking, but you're on mute.
 Glenn Gray   3:18 I can answer it the way it was asked. The way Uninet defines scheduled is it has been scheduled in Uninet.
 Bryan Hanneman   3:21 Yeah. So all the hours for the individuals have been scheduled.
 Glenn Gray   3:30 Well, OK, that that is a great point. Yes, that that is as you schedule out the projects and you actually put the hours in and you put those out there. OK. Now the other side of that statement is you notice we're also tracking build and forecast.
 Bryan Hanneman   3:42 Yep.
 Glenn Gray   3:49 OK. And so we're watching that number and that percent as well. And I'll say for the apartment, not builder forecast and builder forecast means that they have, you know, the task forecasting methodology.
 Bryan Hanneman   3:49 Mhm. Yes.
 Glenn Gray   4:06 It is pulling. It is pulling directly from there and right now as an example, Adele has either build or forecasted only 20 1/2% of her wins. Brian Hanneman, that lax individual, has done nothing on his. Allen Skow, his percent awarded but hasn't been billed or forecast is down to 44.5. That means 55 1/2% of his projects have been scheduled, but obviously he hasn't won as much and Fareed is at 58% have not been either.
 Bryan Hanneman   4:46 Yeah.
 Glenn Gray   4:51 Builder forecast Tim Vick 50% and Kevin Woods 92.6% has not been a work forecaster scheme.
 Bryan Hanneman   4:58 OK, so building forecast, building forecast, I can get behind. Unscheduled, I can't get behind. Just from the standpoint, the way Unanet defines that is if you have $1,000,000 worth of work, you have to schedule every hour in order to have it proof scheduled and if it's a two years. That's a huge monumental waste of time because I'm not going to say Tim Vick for a year from now is going to go here. So I just want to make sure we that's why I I wanted to dug in.
 Scott Wolf   5:26 I I think it's and I I I will apologize for my short response. I think it was unfair. So I apologize for that. It it's a button because all of a sudden we're like we're talking about this still. So my apologies, there's good, there's good questions. They're great. But we we have what you're saying, Brian, is how we've calculated and I say we how literally I've calculated this percent on schedule.
 Bryan Hanneman   5:42 Yeah. Yeah.
 Scott Wolf   5:57 Or maybe even Glenn is coming out of your spreadsheet, but you're saying that this number here is not representative technically how we should be scheduling our work.
 Bryan Hanneman   6:07 Correct. So if I saw that at 0% right now, I would say we wasted money to do that. Because I don't want them planning more than 90 days to 120 days where they're actually signing hours to people because it moves way too much and it takes a monumental amount of work. They can put the date range in there which will take care of build and F&C and get the date ranges in there beyond that. So that is what we've been following. So I will say yes, we need to work on build F&C, but the unscheduled part. That's a if I was staying in your shoes guys, I would not want people to be scheduling that stuff out that because it's I would rather have them work in billable work.
 Scott Wolf   6:59 Well, what we need, Brian, is we need them to get on a board, the work that they can do and that we can do.
 Bryan Hanneman   7:03 Correct. So that building, that building F&C, I'd like to know from a ward to the building F&C, that's the percentage I'm interested in because there is no excuses on that. They should have it. The FNC done for that. That should be more than 217 for freed. That should be right at the 522187. That is achievable right out of the gate.
 Scott Wolf   7:32 So what you need, so I I see we can actually calculate percent on forecasted, which is really would be a more representative number of how we've evaluated the work. We can do that.
 Bryan Hanneman   7:44 Yes.
 Glenn Gray   7:45 And and we and and we already are, it just has to get presented here basically Scott, but that is one of the numbers I gave you.
 Scott Wolf   7:50 OK.
 Bryan Hanneman   7:51 Yeah.
 Scott Wolf   7:53 But it doesn't. We still have to resolve this, right? We still have to resolve the problem of forecasting and we still have to resolve the 90 day outlook on schedule.
 Bryan Hanneman   8:12 Yes. And the only way that I could perceive that right now is I'm gonna have to go and have a meeting with the account manager and say what is, why is this not happening? And work right with them. And I'm gonna have to keep that on my board and just K like for mine. I can tell you why that 16326 is not done. That's because currently Michelle's the only one who knows how to do the update of the bill rate table and that and that can get the items changed within there. So I can't couldn't do it when that change order came in because I didn't have access to Michelle. I tried but. I didn't have the resources and I didn't want to muck it up for it, so I'm like, hold off.
 Scott Wolf   9:05 Let me let me ask this question. Do we really need to go back to the account managers and ask them why this isn't done? I mean, how many times have we done that? Now do we really need to ask them?
 Bryan Hanneman   9:16 That. I I think I need to schedule a meeting because the only way this is gonna get better. I mean, we've asked him how many times, Scott.
 Scott Wolf   9:25 We've been asking them for years. My question is, don't we know? Don't you know why it's not done? Glenn, do you know why it's not done?
 Bryan Hanneman   9:33 There's.
 Glenn Gray   9:39 I I know the what I've been told why it's not done. We don't have time, which is the old standard fall back that we're given every time they get behind on everything.
 Scott Wolf   9:48 OK.
 Glenn Gray   9:56 But then, then. Let's take what we've done to address that. We very recently, within the last two months, hired 2 project accountants to take over billing from them to free up their time to do a lot of this stuff. Those people are still going through their learning curve. And so hopefully here by the time we hit Q2, we can start seeing some changes in some of the things they get around to.
 Scott Wolf   10:28 OK.
 Bryan Hanneman   10:28 And I'd like to have this that portion added to my L10 on Monday cause I am not beyond saying hey, this is a check-in point Fareed, you're less than 50% scheduled with your work right now. Or build an FNFC.
 Glenn Gray   10:46 Well, in this in this case, keep in mind the the forecast is pulling from project planning. So when they plan the project and they put the dates out there, so long as they're out in the future and not in the past. OK, because remember if they're in the past all all the dashboards forget. OK. But so long as they're scheduled out into the future and and and I will say because this is another point as we're saying we're going to rely on this is that that number right there as currently provided shows this year because this was originally a Ross dashboard we're pulling.
 Bryan Hanneman   11:06 Yep.
 Glenn Gray   11:25 This from and it was only concerned with current year. So if we have one of these projects that rather than being this year is getting pushed out into the future already. OK. That's something this number does not currently take into account. So if we're going to be holding them accountable to it, we need to make that change so that we're pulling in that build plus forecast current year and then grabbing future years as well.
 Bryan Hanneman   11:52 Mm-hmm, 'cause what?
 Scott Wolf   11:52 OK, here's what I say. Here's here's what I'd like for us to do. We have talked for a long time on this topic and you're gonna we're proposing. Let's go back and talk to the account managers again. I I don't. I don't propose we do that yet. I think Glenn, you, I, Brian, we huddle up. We, you know the answers. You know why it's not getting done. We summarize it. Let's put it together and let's put together a complete strategy. I'd give them. I'd say there's truth to not having time. I'd say that there's truth to not having the time to input. Data in the unit net. I think we have to talk through it all, figure out how we can develop solutions. One is as you're saying, Glenn, which is right, you know we're going to shed responsibility, the account managers travel. I'd be interested to see what their percent travel is at now relative to the team so we can see how much they're on the road, we say. They travel too much. Well, actually their travel is going down I think. So let's look at all of it together, put together a solid plan and figure out how to solve this thing and and let's not spend this whole meeting talking about it, but it is to do to schedule a meeting. To put together a plan. And part of that, Brian, is the metrics. Um.
 Scott Sinclair   13:21 Yeah.
 Scott Wolf   13:23 Because you know you're raising a point about what you want to see, and let's see your metrics and we'll we'll get some of those in place.
 Bryan Hanneman   13:33 Right now it keeps growing versus getting condensing and I don't want to send you 50 points within it. So I've I got to sit on my elevate elevation day. I'm going to sit there and I'm condense it. So I'm going to put that in my calendar and then send it out because it just keeps adding and I'm like. This is not going to work. It'll work for my brain, but for the rest of the company it's not going to work. So I got to get that condensed.
 Scott Wolf   14:04 I would offer up to you. Can I just say I don't think you do. I think we have the ability to look at a lot of numbers. I think you've got 50 numbers and we've got the data. Let's build the metrics around the 50 and then pare them down. Take your top ten, let's start big and whittle it down. I wouldn't spend too much time.
 Bryan Hanneman   14:04 Yes. OK.
 Scott Wolf   14:24 We three can figure that out. I just wouldn't spend too much time. Let's get something off a board and start whittling it down. If the numbers aren't there, if the data isn't there, then it'll be something that'll be on. Let's put it in the parking lot, but.
 Bryan Hanneman   14:32 OK. OK.
 Scott Wolf   14:40 Oh yeah. And let's get something out on the board and we'll get it on the executive dashboard and we'll also put something in the L10 dashboard. Not the L 10 dashboard, but your OPS meeting. Get it. OK, we'll get it.
 Bryan Hanneman   15:02 Yeah, and I wanna build this. Something like this 'cause then I could send it to everybody. Yeah.
 Scott Wolf   15:13 Um, alright.
 Bryan Hanneman   15:13 OK.
 Scott Wolf   15:19 We have moved the numbers up in terms of sales, which is good. But I'd say right now sales are pretty slow. I would one thing I got watching my got my eye on is Kevin's amount of warded work has gone down. It's really got quiet. We did hire one of Banfield's employees and that is said not to be an issue. But believe me, I'm looking at that number saying, OK, let's watch that number. Brian, in your dialogue with Kevin, you ought to keep that pretty close. And just make sure keep checking in, but that's not an issue.
 Bryan Hanneman   15:57 I did talk about that during his review.
 Scott Wolf   16:01 K.
 Bryan Hanneman   16:02 And he actually saw her out there at that last meeting.
 Scott Wolf   16:05 OK.
 Bryan Hanneman   16:06 So.
 Scott Wolf   16:07 I talked to her. I followed up with her. Um, I can check in with her too. But Kevin, he's got to have eyes all over that. You know, if that's not gonna hit, he's got 4, probably 4,000,000 bucks forecast in in. And revenue. So operational metrics, Glenn, how do these look to you? These look pretty good. I just brought in that spreadsheet. Probably looks pretty good if you checked out the numbers you're looking at.
 Glenn Gray   16:44 Sorry, put myself on mute again. We are targeting the 43 and that 32 looks just about right. Not sure about the utilization accuracy comment there.
 Scott Wolf   17:10 If we're developing a metric there, I'll look at it.
 Glenn Gray   17:11 OK.
 Scott Wolf   17:14 The AI tools in production, I think Brian and I would both agree that we're gonna work towards April. And I had noted to you guys in our Tuesday meeting that, you know, we're learning what, we're learning what we don't know and figured it out. But it's a slug, so I would say. The learning curve, getting the agents to deliver the management of that development of the workflows. Sam has made progress. He reached out this weekend and he and I were chatting. He's made progress. Um. And what that means is that we are utilizing agents that.
 Bryan Hanneman   17:52 Mhm.
 Scott Wolf   17:59 Or developing the workflows such as this, taking data, building things, doing things right, things that we would be doing ourselves. So our goal is to do that with some of our deliverables, which you know and Sam's making progress, but it's slow and we've got our architecture that's in the works. So I'd say by June I'd feel more comfortable now how much they're gonna contribute to productivity. We'll see. Um. Financial magics revenue verse budget at or above over 90 days forecast accuracy. Somebody's numbers are new to me too, so we'll they're getting billed as we go.
 Glenn Gray   18:54 I will say just from a comment since the revenue versus budget is up there, the my current forecast for February dropped. So where is the the first? There were three weeks out of four in February so far and the first week was kind of lackluster. Second week they kind of kicked everything in gear and did really well. So all the forecasts went up and the third week they. Took it back down. So right now we're we're looking at February being pretty flat to January, which was pretty flat overall.
 Scott Wolf   19:40 Brian, thoughts on that one?
 Bryan Hanneman   19:48 There's been a lot of stuff that has been falling out last minute. I know that it was brought up as far as, hey, we got to go and then they say no, it's been delayed. I do not have a way of putting a number on that and I know that. A lot of people shifted to rally behind Allen to the last minute to get things shifted around to support his project so he could stay home. So I those are the only two factors. Do I feel like I was forecasting 1.3 is where we should have been? Do I feel like that should have been a? $150,000 hit? No, but. You know, so I that's the only thing I can offer to that right now as far as I know that those were a downward pull as far as there was a couple last minute things that falled out, fell out that they just canceled with regards to travel plans after we booked it. And then there was, like I said, everybody rallied behind Alan Digg to support his projects that he was supposed to be traveling for.
 Scott Wolf   20:58 Well, I yeah, I I'd be interested to see really what that was for Allen. I mean, I can't imagine it was a big number, so.
 Bryan Hanneman   21:06 Nah, it was like 3. It was like 3 people that got rerouted on some stuff, so.
 Scott Wolf   21:12 Mm. Well, the combination of our discussion about getting numbers on the board don't really support the conversation of, you know, the revenue falling out. So you have to reconcile that. Now I would be careful, it certainly. Has nothing to do with revenue falling out, but if we've got work there that we're not getting on the board and we can use it, well, that's that's clearly a problem.
    21:35 OK.
 Bryan Hanneman   21:40 Right now from the Monday meeting, I do not hear anything as of this point that we're not getting on the board.
 Scott Wolf   21:52 Mm. These numbers kind of tell you different, don't they? Forgetting this number.
 Bryan Hanneman   22:04 Yeah. Well, it also depends upon how fast the stuff is perceived to be kicked off. Because, you know, there's usually that ramp up time where you have people coming on board and then there's, you know, you get a couple PF CS right now that you're going to be writing and a kick off meeting and people are trying to get schedules. So if this is representing stuff that came in this year. And especially if it's Virginia work, sometimes it takes 2-3 months before they actually get in the groove.
 Scott Wolf   22:41 Well, I I understand that, but it that doesn't tell us the story on forecast, right?
 Bryan Hanneman   22:46 Mm-hmm.
 Scott Wolf   22:48 You got to start and finish. You can forecast.
 Bryan Hanneman   22:53 As long as they have that, you know you got to start, finish and you can make the educated best guess based on the information you got.
 Scott Wolf   23:00 Mhm. Which reminds me, Glenn, we're going to pull some numbers together, historical data, so that we can actually establish a model that would enable us to forecast work based on the trends of start, finish and the revenue profile. And just for the record, we're going to focus on commissioning work. We can focus on DCA. We're going to pick some stuff that we have enough data on that we potentially can begin to do that.
 Glenn Gray   23:34 Since we had already started building the model to the historical model to look at sales mixes in the history, I think that'll be readily available.
 Scott Wolf   23:44 Perfect. And and and we've had the discussion and just to get it in a transcription is that we need to develop the tools that we need to run the business and not have to go to the account managers and ask them every time we want to know something. You know, if they're not forecasting, we need to know and compare to something that says, well, you should have. And so as we develop our model and our algorithms and do some of the things we can do now, we need to develop the tools to have better visibility in the business regardless of the answers we're getting. And that's not a shot at anybody here. I think we're still evolving and using our data and so we're taking that next step. Um, as far as our rocks? Um. OP scorecard, Brian, I think that falls in your court, just getting the data.
 Bryan Hanneman   24:49 Yeah, yeah.
 Scott Wolf   24:52 5 million in sales from the account managers in terms of Ross. That's a Ross number. Um.
 Glenn Gray   25:04 Yeah, I have to say, Scott, I if I remember our conversation, I think that's just the sales because we've been saying that the if we focus on getting the sales, the Ross will be the result of focusing on those sales. So I don't know that it is a loss number.
 Scott Wolf   25:18 That's right. Um. I'd agree with that, Glenn. You're right. I was feeling like we needed though to put to achieve our goal. I know that we're going to drive sales and ultimately out of sales war, our Ross will show up. But if we're gonna do 13, we got 13 to start with. We need 7. That is a true Ross number. We need five and a two. So we do have to keep eyes on of our sales. I think Jane, our conversation with Jane is just focus on driving sales and helping the account managers. The Ross will happen. But I do. This is a Ross number and we got to get something to make up for the 13 that we're starting with.
 Glenn Gray   26:14 Now I understand your reference.
 Scott Wolf   26:16 Mm-hmm. But you you are correct in in what you're saying there. AI tools. We're working on that. Lot of good progress, but it's slow. Data center commissioning. Brian, in terms of data center, are you comfortable with leading the data center effort?
 Bryan Hanneman   26:40 I've got a meeting with Jane in 24 minutes. To talk about data center so I can. I know about Dana centers. I know I've worked with them. I just wanted to know as far as I've got some contacts, but I do not have that many so.
 Scott Wolf   27:01 Well, and and and literally, let's talk about that for a second. I would say because I'm I did put this out there with your background and I do believe you understand data centers. We just got an RFP in off of BPA, Scotty.
 Scott Sinclair   27:20 Yeah, it's, uh, I think there was a couple sites.
 Scott Wolf   27:27 What?
 Scott Sinclair   27:27 In tax, in Texas specifically.
 Scott Wolf   27:31 What I'm thinking, Brian, I I share with you the expectation is not that you have contacts, but because we're we're going to develop these contacts. I mean you might have some in your Rolodex, but we need to get the scouts working. We need to get more leads in we.
 Glenn Gray   27:39 OK.
 Scott Wolf   27:50 We have the Jacobs team that is going to, I believe, help us at some point in time with data centers, but we have to set them up. We have to know how to estimate them. We we have to lead that charge. We have to talk the talk when a sales comes in. Who's gonna actually lead the charge on data centers and kinda push that long? If you're comfortable in doing that, I I personally believe you're the right guy because. You know that type of product, you have experience with that product and somebody has to push it. It's just not gonna happen.
 Scott Sinclair   28:30 OK.
 Scott Wolf   28:37 Um. Develop the account management performance metrics. We've talked about time card accuracy. I know that we're talking about for sure forecasting and scheduling. You know, Glenn, you talk about, you know, the times when leadership goes on vacation. Seems like everybody goes on vacation sometimes. So what is that metric? I'm gonna say it wrong here, but what is? Customer satisfaction. There's numbers in here that we don't have, but but we we do need to develop metrics. For the account managers.
 Bryan Hanneman   29:40 Well, one thing that was brought by a couple of them is as far as when they are starting to do the estimating, that's also taken away from their billable time. And I know Glenn, I owe you those numbers then they, you know some weeks it's like you have they are 100%. Off the billable clock and on just estimating and they wanted to know like when you have that ebb and flow, they're trying to figure out how to move forward with some of those because they still have to push the projects forward, but they have a huge lift on estimating. So that was one of the things as far as a. They were open to discussion with how that could be maybe helped. There was a couple that just were requesting that they get, you know, barely any workload. Free was one of them. It was, can I just get a hire in Chicago that can take care of all my VA projects? Projects so I could just with all the Amazons for estimating, I said it's all free right now and that is not budgeted to have somebody like on that. So let's think outside the box.
 Scott Wolf   30:51 Well, let's let's ask that question a little differently. We do want the account managers to grow into their role and that role is developing relationships, getting more work out of the customers and running their teams.
 Bryan Hanneman   30:51 But he he does, yeah. Yes. Mhm.
 Scott Wolf   31:08 Freed is a guy that literally, you know, he doesn't have a PM. I mean, he's got a Dell and he's got ROM, but Freed lost his PM David. I'd be inclined to say. I think the response is a little bit different, First off. Let's talk about how your business model, how your accounts and what your needs are could drive the revenue to support the PM. I I don't. I would say for myself, I'm not opposed to hiring a PM. To give more room to drive in more revenue, but we have to understand. What's the what's the outcome? What are you gonna produce as a result of a PM and if if it's there and if the work's there? I mean, that can be part of our problem on why things aren't getting forecasted. I mean, we're just going to keep solving problems to to drive our revenue per FTE up and hit our revenue numbers. So Glenn, what do you think? And and Scotty, I mean, I'm more inclined to ask a different question. Can you support it?
 Glenn Gray   32:17 I'll let Scottie go first.
 Scott Sinclair   32:21 I mean, I have to give a short answer. I have no idea. I mean, I don't. I don't know what. What kind of load Fareed has? I have no idea what those numbers are, so I I couldn't speak intelligently as to whether there's a justifiable hire there or not.
 Scott Wolf   32:42 Well, and for you, the question and I would just shape that a little differently for you. The question for you is not whether Fareed has got a justifiable. Brian can answer that one. As owners, I say the question would be answered in terms of if the work's there and we can justify the hire, we'd support it. That's what I would say as an owner.
 Scott Sinclair   33:01 Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean. There's clearly a demand. I mean, we've got a couple years left on our Bpas. We've got Toma, Jesse Brown. I mean, Toma's not exactly Chicago, but I think somebody in Chicago could support Toma. And we've got level, we've got the opportunity to grow Heinz. And I mean that's not even all of that vision. So you've got a pretty good base for somebody to really run with that work and. And I think, I think somebody could push those relationships even more. I mean, I don't, I don't think Fareed's grown the relationship. He's just trying to keep up with what's come in. So I do believe that there's opportunity to grow those even more. For somebody that's savvy about a doer seller, that's that's good at that and knows that space free. I mean, I guess maybe it's just federal work is so nonsensical. Maybe some people just never get it, but. I think Fareed struggled to grasp some of the federal space, I mean. My phone rang last week with hey, can you tell me how to bid this mod? And I mean, I'll be honest, I'm a little surprised at this point that. This isn't just. 15 minutes of work. I mean that and I don't know if he was rushed or what if he forgot if I I really don't know, but it was almost like. It just didn't have a clue about the process, so. Part of me says that somebody that is maybe a little more savvy about federal work could grow it even better than Fareed has, which again, Fareed hasn't grown it. He's kept up with it, but he hasn't grown it.
 Bryan Hanneman   35:20 And I I think just to add something, a point on that I would say with Fareed. We also have to be cautious as if we hire somebody to take over his projects, he needs to train them, but sales will always come first in his mind and training will always come second. So that's one of the things I'm saying if if we want to get somebody for Chicagoland area.
 Scott Sinclair   35:35 Happy.
 Bryan Hanneman   35:45 Because that was, that's a lot of pushback I get from the team that he likes to give you a 2 minute explanation and then go off to another meeting and then he asks why isn't the task done and then or somebody moves ahead and they do it and then it's nothing that what he promised to the client. So we have to work on, he has to work on. Communication to make sure because I will stop him dead in his tracks and say, Fareed, you just told me you needed this review. Why am I getting at 4:00 on a Friday and it's due Monday? Mike, he is notorious for doing this and I've been getting after it. So that's a bad training environment.
 Scott Wolf   36:19 Mm-hmm. And and. Well, and and understanding that, right, we know that there there's been a lot of discussion and we know that we're talking about topics here that would move the business forward and.
 Bryan Hanneman   36:35 Yep.
 Scott Wolf   36:38 There's development for Reed that I think can fall outside of this conversation, but it's really developing in a model that the the account managers can present so they can justify hiring somebody.
 Bryan Hanneman   36:49 Mhm.
 Scott Wolf   36:50 And then you challenge it by saying, look, you're not doing your job or whatever you want to say. But go ahead, Glenn.
 Glenn Gray   36:51 And. I have a, I have a challenge to it. Back in the scorecard, if we were to pop back to there, you'd notice that our productivity is dramatically down. We're not getting anywhere close to, you know, if we're targeting 43,000 per month and they're only doing 32,000 per month. And there were months last year where we achieved $45,000 per month. I I know we've already talked about some of the whys and wherefores rather the work is available got canceled last second, the weather Allen being off, but this is 2 months in a row that we've worked at that productivity level.
 Bryan Hanneman   37:36 Mhm.
 Glenn Gray   37:37 And rather than letting that become a habit, I would ask you, do you really need another person or do you need people to work more? So that's my first question. The the second one is it specifically refers to. Fareed wondering if he can get somebody to go do the work that he was previously doing and whereas part of me says hey, if it results in great sales then I'm all for it, but then the. Fiscally cheap part of me goes, hey, account managers, you are being paid a very nice Commission for this extra burden you took on. You took it on willingly, knowingly, and I'm pretty sure you all cashed the checks we sent you at your end. And so there's a a price that comes with that compensation they're receiving.
 Bryan Hanneman   38:32 Well, yeah.
 Glenn Gray   38:32 And then the last piece is just to throw them all out there, Brian, sorry, but the last piece is you said to think outside the back box and I agree with that. And that is why it was approved for them to start using like high flyer to go out and do some of the inventories to make better use of some of the estimating process. And outsource some of that. So there is some thinking outside of the box going on and just those are my I guess that's three cents versus two cents worth so.
 Scott Wolf   39:06 And in there, I think, Glenn, you have. Develop in that those statements metrics for the account managers. What's your revenue per FTE? What's your utilization? Where are you at in terms of being forecast? Where are you at being in terms of scheduled? How far out are you scheduled? And and those are, you know, those. That's what we gotta hone in on. Um. What's your backlog look like? What's your customer look like? How much backlog does that account manager have? And so there's a pretty short list of pretty of numbers we have that tells the story. Your revenue per FTE is low. You're not scheduled. You've got new work sitting on the desk there. And what's your percent travel? Well, it's not that high, so I think we can we can shape this pretty quickly. So, Ryan, as you shake out your metrics numbers, let's um. You know, let's let's identify what that would be for the account managers. I mean, we just listed out probably six of them that would probably be plenty to start with. And yes, we are all very skeptical. Preet does an outstanding job, but. He's always working it, so it works. We know it, and I give a lot of praise, but it also brings some extra scrutiny.
 Glenn Gray   40:36 OK.
 Scott Wolf   40:43 Extra scrutiny.
 Bryan Hanneman   40:44 Yep, and one of the metrics I have to figure out for the account managers is.
 Scott Wolf   40:46 OK.
 Bryan Hanneman   40:50 Ones who are actually developing others versus who are just solely focusing on sales, but if they're doing both because they we have immediate gratification from the the sales. Now I did notice a shift. Where people are like, well, I don't want if I don't have to train new staff and I don't have to bring them up and I can work on the sales aspect. Because I've got Freed also wanting to snipe a bunch of different people from all the account managers. Well, I want this person, this person, this person, and I'm, I want him on my team because he's like, they're self-sufficient. And I'm like Freed Adele's poured a bunch of work into that one. Kevin's poured a bunch of work into that.
 Scott Wolf   41:17 Well, we are not. Let's.
 Bryan Hanneman   41:34 Yeah, you can't just bring those people over your team cause I'm like they spent the time to raise them.
 Scott Wolf   41:39 Well. Let's be clear, we are not developping a hybrid role of an account manager for free.
 Bryan Hanneman   41:46 Yeah, I agree. I agree. I'm just saying what I'm.
 Scott Wolf   41:48 Yeah. And I'm not saying I'm being clear. I'm not saying you are saying that. I think Fried Fried's mind, he has a hybrid role. I'm going to sell. I'm an account manager and I am actually not going to train or project manage it. I'm just going to do that. No, you're not. Now you got a little room to run here, but we're going to get caught up with you and you're going to do what everybody else is doing.
 Bryan Hanneman   41:56 Yeah. Yeah.
 Scott Wolf   42:08 Freed has probably too much work. He has too much in his accounts and we got to start doling that out. And I think these account manager metrics are going to help us do that. We're heading down that road. I mean we are, you know, we're just.
 Bryan Hanneman   42:08 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes.
 Scott Wolf   42:23 We're moving along and I I see that maybe the booze, if that hits Amazon work with the quality control going up. Dell is definitely picking up some of that work.
 Bryan Hanneman   42:29 Yeah. Yep.
 Scott Wolf   42:39 Um. You know, depending on how it was for Ron, so. No, there is no. Unless Fareed wants to be purely sales, and he can be if he wanted to be, and he can go hustle all he wants to his heart's desire, we'd love it. But he's not an account manager if he's doing that.
 Bryan Hanneman   43:01 Yeah. So I think as we grow, that's something that we got to look at as far as what metrics they should be keeping as far as training team members because that is going to be, that's going to be good for the organization as far as the health. Because we right now we have account managers and I think we can all agree that they are very good at what they do and we need them to disseminate that knowledge to the rest of the team. If they solely focus on sales and do not disseminate, that is going to be a long-term problem for this company.
 Scott Wolf   43:20 K. Well, yeah, I mean, are you talking about free specifically?
 Bryan Hanneman   43:41 No, I'm just talking specifically as far as if that's what the people trend to for account management.
 Scott Wolf   43:45 Hmm. But what? What's the to do out of that? What's the rock? What's the to do?
 Bryan Hanneman   43:51 I think it's get the metrics to make sure that we're out, we're balancing the account manager's duties and we make sure that they get. Bonus or from both sides for raising their team and for and make sure they're transparent and for sales because we want them to do both. Can we agree on that?
 Scott Wolf   44:16 Sure.
 Bryan Hanneman   44:16 Yeah. So I think we just got to make sure that those metrics, because right now I know that the metrics right now we're not as transparent as far as the people developing their teams for the account managers versus making the sales.
 Scott Wolf   44:34 Yeah, you we'd have to talk more about that. I I don't actually know what you're asking. I really don't. I mean, your revenue per FTE is going to show what your production is.
 Bryan Hanneman   44:46 Yep. So that's maybe that's the metric as far as, yeah.
 Scott Wolf   44:47 Your sales number's gonna show what your sales is. And if you if you're not training your people, your revenue per FTE is not gonna be where it needs to be, right?
 Bryan Hanneman   44:57 It's not going to be yet, but we have to get it down to the individual account managers then.
 Scott Wolf   45:05 We can pull revenue per FT per individual account manager, which is a good metric. That's a good point.
 Bryan Hanneman   45:11 But we also have to take into account that we cross-pollinate a lot and that's what I'm trying to. That is one of the things that I've noticed these last two months is there's a lot of well, I didn't hit my revenue number cause I gave I I loaned out four people this month. To this team, yeah.
 Scott Wolf   45:28 But I'll let, I'll let Glenn address that. I think Glenn's tracking where everybody is against what they're doing.
 Bryan Hanneman   45:32 He is. We just don't have a metric that we don't have a metric that I can. I put right in front of them and I I think that's something I I want to add, you know, to my dashboard and that's why it keeps growing.
 Glenn Gray   45:50 Scott, I I went over that particular data set with Brian earlier, so he got a chance to see it.
 Scott Wolf   45:50 OK.
 Bryan Hanneman   45:57 Yeah.
 Scott Wolf   45:57 Good. All right. Well, it goes back to let's get the metrics, start working it and see what else we need.
 Bryan Hanneman   46:06 Yes.
 Scott Wolf   46:10 All right. In terms of getting things done, let's go down the list of to dos, reconcile utilization numbers this week, final review. What that comes from is looking at the team, the utilization of the team across. The same role, like for example the account managers. Their utilization numbers are different. Sam's numbers are changing. This is just getting our utilization numbers square. And maybe you've already done this, but that's what that is.
 Bryan Hanneman   46:49 That one Glenn sent to me and that's in my plate, so you can just put Brian's the hold of.
 Glenn Gray   47:06 Sounds like just a case of different definitions, if I had to guess.
 Scott Wolf   47:12 Yeah, I think, um. I mean, if you look at your account managers, I think, let's say Kevin Woods is 80 and Fried's 65. I don't know the the numbers just were a little bit not consistent. Um. Brian, you talked about revenue scheduled. We're going to change that metric to do revenue forecasting.
 Bryan Hanneman   47:42 Thank you.
 Scott Wolf   47:45 Um, we still need a metric for what has been scheduled. Right. I mean that's gonna help there, but we need a metric for what's been scheduled, not scheduled a 90 day outlook. Send off scorecard. We've talked about that budget meeting. Glenn, you're working on that time card accuracy. That's probably an ongoing message. I would be inclined to say if if the team agrees that this isn't the highest priority, but it is something we could continually. Um, discuss. Bryan, you're and if I'm wrong, tell me data center strategy meeting, you're working on that and Bryan, you're OK with running point on data centers as got.
 Bryan Hanneman   48:38 Yep, I got a meeting in 2 minutes with Jane. You want me to kick it?
 Scott Wolf   48:45 No, I think we're we're in decent shape here. Data center, data center, investigate 3 projects missing from sales details. Those are the jobs that got over the fence in terms of we got them and they just didn't show up. I believe that's what that is. Sales wins work. Glenn didn't know about it.
 Glenn Gray   49:12 Yeah, we I actually went over that with Jane and we discovered basically some communication issues and started plugging the holes. So we're looking at a long-term fix for that versus the we did plug this hole, now we're just looking to fix it long-term.
 Scott Wolf   49:31 Can we check it as done?
 Glenn Gray   49:33 You you can look those are done.
 Scott Wolf   49:36 OK, Dell server escalation. Any any thoughts there on what we're gonna do?
 Glenn Gray   49:42 Not until I dig into it, which as soon as I get off the my budget high horse tomorrow, then I'll that's next on the list because I need it. I need to have that underway before I get into month end next week.
 Scott Wolf   49:56 Got it. Um, hardware for Sam. I think that's a go, right?
 Bryan Hanneman   50:00 That's done 'cause we're getting those two Macs and they're gonna show up May 15th.
 Scott Wolf   50:05 OK. Check that one percent forecast and it was scheduled. I'll do that after the meeting and scheduled meeting with Glenn and Brian. And this is really where we're going to ideate on solving this problem. I spell ID 8 right? Wrong. My apologies. Whatever. How do you spell that? I do believe that part of our plan need includes simplification. From start to finish, who does what? What do we do? How do we do it? When do we do it? Break this thing down as well as we can. Anything else team on the To Do List?
 Glenn Gray   51:28 I'll throw in my vote and say I think it's enough.
 Scott Wolf   51:30 Yeah, Scotty on on the on the Jacobs. I did take those minutes transcription work with a I to Chuck developed a a plan or a strategy sent your way and Jane. What do you see as a rock or our plan for developing that whole Jacobs mentor protege? What do we what? What collectively do we need to do?
 Scott Sinclair   52:08 Well, right now we meet weekly. We review opportunities. We. I mean, for example, this week it was looking at whether to pursue a sources sought response for a Air Force IDIQ, which is an AEIDIQ. We're still. I mean, we've established that everything we're doing is funneling through Mark. I mean, that's what we've determined is we're not gonna go start. Selling inside of Jacob's outside of Mark. So he'll he'll make, he'll make introductions. He'll. Show us the way to and Brian, if you got to drop, I I can share it. I don't think this is gonna help you. So if you got to move on.
 Scott Wolf   52:54 Yeah.
 Bryan Hanneman   52:56 Well, I was just, I was just gonna add something first for you Scott as far as they we identified that one secure project and hopefully Jane brought that up for the Canadian border as far as how we could partner using I performance since to my knowledge. They don't have a secure platform to do commissioning, so hopefully that was discussed.
 Scott Sinclair   53:18 It wasn't while I was on, but I dropped for this and they were still talking. So we talked about the MSA though for for record. So he's gonna go lean on whatever that legal team is that is supposed to be producing that.
 Bryan Hanneman   53:23 OK. OK. All right, I'll drop. Thanks. Bye.
 Scott Wolf   53:37 Thanks, Bryan.
 Scott Sinclair   53:41 So Scott, I it's, I wouldn't tell you there's any revolutionary new strategies. It's it's continue to explore the way we have been and. I mean that will produce some introductions and relationship building opportunities, but it's it's pretty similar to to what we've been doing.
 Scott Wolf   54:07 Understood. And I think to expand, I think you know that the meta protege is its own beast reporting requirements, contract requirements. How are we going to handle all that and and you're running point on that. So what are all the things that we're going to do to keep that moving in the right direction? Let's get up, let's put that together, you know, and I'm, I'm not saying it all falls on your shoulders. That unto itself is a almost a new business. And yes, generation of sales is certainly part of getting that off the ground. The management team, contracts, all that stuff. Um. We have the all the documentation, but it does have to take some shape in terms of who's doing what and and how we doing that. There's a lot there. There's a lot there.
 Scott Sinclair   55:15 I I agree. I I hey, well, I mean, there's some practical items like, hey, we're gonna need a bank account, right? Which I know we started that conversation and I need to close it out. Um. I'll just have to keep leaning on Mark to help steer the giant ship, because one thing we learned is. Jacobs doesn't really do anything fast, and if it doesn't generate revenue, they it's lowest on the priority, so.
 Scott Wolf   55:55 Yes.
 Scott Sinclair   55:55 And now on top of that, if it doesn't generate substantial revenue, it remains pretty low on priority, so.
 Glenn Gray   56:00 Yeah. We'll see you on the bank account, Scott.
 Scott Sinclair   56:05 Yeah, I'll I'll keep working with Mark on that stuff, Scott. I mean, there's. I go back to the to the nature of the team when we produce work. Which it all sounds good and it looks good on paper. But as we split this work, we're going to live independently within those contracts, right? I mean, the work is produced and accountabilities exist as companies. Um. We're gonna find out real quick how reasonable people are in terms of what they agree to do and whether or not they produce what they say they're going to. I mean, we're gonna be. Accountable. They're going to be accountable, so. We're gonna learn that from doing work together. Which will be different when we're both in charge, right? I mean, well, technically we'll we'll always be in charge. I mean that's the reality in terms of we're the we're the managing partner. But in terms of people holding up their end of the bargain? I mean, we got to have work to work through that.
 Scott Wolf   57:21 Glenn, there's some work we.
 Scott Sinclair   57:22 The the good news is it won't be any different than the work we're doing right now where we share scope, right? I mean, we've been able to parse out scope at Dallas, which we didn't do much of it before they went and. Canceled the contract, but we've shared scope at Canandaigua. We've done that through a couple phases. I mean, we've got some lessons learned here within the the working relationship.
 Glenn Gray   57:57 I did want to say on the on the bank account real quick is we had all talked about leaving that off the table until we actually had business to transact.
 Scott Wolf   57:57 Well, we have.
 Glenn Gray   58:15 That's one of the reasons for the delay with that.
 Scott Sinclair   58:18 I don't, Glenn, I don't know about you, but I I mean, unless we don't think we're gonna win any work, I don't know why we wouldn't go establish a bank account and.
 Glenn Gray   58:29 The the simple reason, the simple reason was, Scotty, that we would incur bank fees without any activity.
 Scott Sinclair   58:29 But 5000?
 Glenn Gray   58:38 And it's fairly easy to do so long as once we start going through the contracting phase of just about anything, it's probably I'll say a week to 10 days we can get a bank account open without any E without any problems whatsoever and. I don't know of any federal contract that's going to come to fruition that quickly, so you'll know when you're on the cusp of something happening.
 Scott Sinclair   59:07 That is true. I agree with that.
 Scott Wolf   59:24 Well, I say, Scott, that we, I think, yes. I mean, there is absolutely true to saying, well, you know, we're going to run it the way we've run work. I don't disagree with that. We don't want to do more than we have to. But I do think that that entity is, there's so many pieces to that. And to be successful, I'd, I'd say I don't think we can leave the mark to sell. I think we got to figure out how to sell it ourselves as well. Who's going to sell it? How are we going to sell it? Um. And I think we we should probably push there in that regard. Um. And so we talk about what that might mean and what we can do. For that thing to generate the revenue, we're hoping. It's going to take considerable effort, I think.
 Scott Sinclair   1:00:31 Yeah, I don't. As of right now, I don't know that we're doing much outside of pushing with Mark. So if, if and and that's kind of based on what he's made clear in terms of. What their expectations are? I mean, I'll use the Air Force example for, I mean, they have a Cam for Air Force. So this comes up, we present the idea, we talk about it today. He says yes, that that's a good pursuit. Let me introduce you to the Air Force Cam. Whatever her name is and so. I think we can build some of those relationships where then, I mean. We know Kevin, who runs NAFAC, right? So we'll we'll be introduced to these people overtime. And then hopefully be able to stay in touch with them. But. I think it's only gonna move as fast as we see opportunities produced that have a give them a reason to to talk to us. I don't. I don't know how else we would. Infiltrate Jacobs outside of warm handoffs from Mark.
 Scott Wolf   1:01:53 Well, I don't. I don't know if we have to. I mean, I don't think we have to infiltrate Jacobs. We have to the VA, for example. How can we sell that JV into the VA? They want more work with the VA. So we know the VA, so how can we take that and see if we can develop some deals ourselves? I just an example was I have Steve Buchanan talk to him about that met a protege. And if they do win that award or have to do an STVOSB set aside for this new contract coming out, well, here we are. That's just an example of doing something outside of of what Mark is doing. I mean their agencies, they've got covered.
 Scott Sinclair   1:02:42 Oh yeah, I I I thought you're focused specifically on selling inside to Jacobs, selling the JV outside to customers. That's that's yeah, that we that we can do. independently. We don't.
 Scott Wolf   1:03:00 And that is what I'm talking about. And I have said to how, how do we get to know them and sell internally? And what you're saying is, hey, Mark's got that covered for the most part. But in general, we're talking about and how do we sell this JV? What do we do? Who's doing it? Is Jane talking to the account managers and what the JV means and maybe they can push etc. I put a rock in here and. We'll pick that one up. I think everything else we have covered, I think our our, our distribution of responsibilities where Glenn, of course you've got the numbers in the financial component. I'm pushing the organization and and have my eyes on that. Scotty, you are. Definitely looking at the JV because that is a huge opportunity and how to sell that, how to grow that. And then Brian is really in the details of the OPS. I think that works. Um. O We'll keep evolving in that way. Tomorrow we can talk about our numbers in particular. And we do have to drive home this. What's scheduling and what's what is that and what does that mean? And man, I hope we never have those questions again. I I I'm not taking anything away from Brian. We just. Well, we got to make sure we wrestle that to the ground.
 Scott Sinclair   1:04:53 We're it's it's ironic, Scott, because I'm I'm sitting here going, we hope you never have it again. We just had it. I mean, we still, we're still having it.
 Glenn Gray   1:05:06 Um.
 Scott Sinclair   1:05:09 Not that I'm gonna help with it, but. That's uh. I don't know how you pick that apart, break it down to communicate to people. And how do you report it? I mean, that's all data science. I mean, I don't know how you tackle that.
 Glenn Gray   1:05:33 I I think one of the hardest parts of the entire conversation, honestly, is the fact that. You know, we want to get down into being able to re reduce it down to formulas and metrics, and yet every time data isn't entered consistently, you have to question the validity of the data you're using to derive the metrics. And so it's like every single time something as simple as. Getting this information entered, it detracts from our ability to guide the company. And the way we need to.
 Scott Wolf   1:06:17 Yeah. And it's that's where I think eventually Glenn, we have enough data mass so we can develop a model, be within plus or minus and then. Push for accuracy on the other side. I mean, it's like you gotta at least know what Rd. you're on and what goal post you're gonna fit in. So that's part of the discussion on developing the algorithms to forecast and say well. You got $1,000,000 worth of commissioning work. Starts here, finishes here. I can tell you within 80% what's gonna happen. But you're right. I mean it's it's it's we're kinda. I think the lack of clarity in asking the questions. That's one thing. Getting the accurate data is another thing, I mean. But they all go into play of the of the problem we're we're dealing with. But I say getting work on the board and getting it forecast and scheduled is a big issue clearly. And Scotty Sellon, I mean Sellon, that's gonna catch up with us fast.
 Scott Sinclair   1:07:37 Yeah, work on the board part. I that's the part where I asked the question, OK, if we know if Brian says you've got 120 days tops, maybe 90 days, it seems like you pull that data to 90 days. And you'd have your target number. I mean, we would know they're doing it if they say, OK, I've got my 3013 hours. Which is assuming that's a 90 day team outlook. I think you take all the ******** out if if you know what that 90 day period is and say well you have 90 days of hours which is a total times 40 * 36. Do you have that many hours scheduled? I mean, part of me just goes, OK, well, if we've got a period we say we're gonna schedule, we know how many hours that is, then we should be able to back end that total at any given time and call ******** on people that are. Well, I like, I can't do this. And the numbers are always changing. And you know, Allen was home sick and everybody was sharing resources. I mean, all the shucking and jiving that you always run into every time. Like.
 Scott Wolf stopped transcription
